c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\PondGame2.exe
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\PondGame2.pdb
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\obj\x86\Debug\PondGame2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\obj\x86\Debug\PondGame2.exe
c:\users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\obj\x86\Debug\PondGame2.pdb
C:\Users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
C:\Users\antho\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\encog-core-cs.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\obj\x86\Debug\PondGame2.exe
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\obj\x86\Debug\PondGame2.pdb
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\PondGame2.exe
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\PondGame2.pdb
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\PondGame2\PondGame2\obj\x86\Debug\PondGame2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\PondGame2.exe
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\PondGame2.pdb
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\obj\x86\Debug\PondGame2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\obj\x86\Debug\PondGame2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\obj\x86\Debug\PondGame2.exe
C:\Users\antho\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Kinect Test\PondGame2\obj\x86\Debug\PondGame2.pdb
